[Music]
ma
ah Oh
[Music]
H
ha Oh
[Music]
H Oh
in [Music] ah Oh [Music] P [Music]
ha Oh [Music]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
H [Music]
Oh
[Music] [Music
]
ah
[Music]
[Music] [Music] [Music]
C ah
[Music]
k
today fun today
fun I play television branch today
fun today be arm the chat
whatever you want
Listen to fresh gossip and salo everything
is about to begin the juiciest stories
are going to shine prepare the couch
that you will not stop the Corrillo has arrived
with laughter drama and fun on TV
everything is emotion the Corrillo has arrived and
here we live with
passion corrillos already
[Music]
arrived and  the wheel of secrets
history has a challenge news that you won't
forget here there's always much more today
the Corrillo has arrived oh oh oh with masses
drama and fun oh oh oh on tv
everything is excitement the corrido has arrived with
Brisas grama and fun on tv everything
is excitement the Corrillo has arrived and here we
live comp passion Oh H the wheel of
secrets each story has a challenge
news that you won't
forget here there's always much more oh oh
oh much more
[Music]
more the Corrillo has
arrived [Music] they turn the wheel of secrets
each story has a challenge news that you wo
n't forget here there's always much more
today the Corrillo has arrived oh oh oh with
laughter drama and fun oh oh oh on
tv everything is excitement the Corrillo has arrived
with laughter roars and fun on tv everything is
excitement the Corrillo has arrived and
here we have fun comp passion Oh
[Music]
Good evening the music of the Corrillo was very lively I should have
thought about it a
little more but well excuse me that it is
so lively considering how
things are today no, today we are here and the
main topic that concerns us almost
all night well the truth is it's not for
Well in fact today I forgot
to tell the rest of the collaborators but I have
n't called them all Not for nothing eh I
mean to avoid any anger, to avoid
misinterpretations but since the
subject is so delicate Well I wanted there to
be less people and and they're
only going to be with Piso and Carmen and then we'll
spend some time at lasnet too when
when it comes out okay
Eh well
eh You saw the video that I uploaded this
afternoon you also saw the video that I
uploaded eh a while ago from the car the
truth is that it has been a brutal turn of
events I had
a stitch in my mouth and I like to
admit things when they are like
this because yesterday When I saw certain
headlines both from YouTube colleagues
and from the press
eh I thought badly I thought badly things as they
are I mean I said [ __ ] eh to drag
the subject out I don't know what but above all
also because there were a lot of people who
said that it was a normal procedure I
mean like well they send reports to the
court and sometimes they call you to
testify that I already said yesterday it
surprised me a lot because [ __ ]  who more and
who less with the children are at the
doctor all day long They've
never called me to court okay eh
things have gotten serious and they've
gotten ugly I mean honestly we're going to
try to discuss everything with the utmost
caution obviously
but things are weird things are weird Good
night Consuelo Good night Carmen how are
you how are you
Well you see you see How
the topic has become from yesterday to today I mean
actually yesterday this started to kind of
sprout not In some media and on some
channels but but I honestly
thought it was going to stay there and wow what a
surprise I also thought it
was like an exaggeration and but of course
every thing that comes out every thing that
comes out is worse every thing that comes out daily They've
even echoed this Even
on the news uh all the
news programs opened today with this in
fact after a while well the truth is that
yesterday it was commented on but yesterday it seemed like
nobody paid attention we saw it like eh They're already
looking for four clicks I don't know what I don't
know how much and today uh at noon
suddenly they started I don't know who it was
the first one but they have started like all
the media to bombard on YouTube
opening channels also of live ones
no eh And already in the news that it has already
been like like the whole like the whole
bomb no Let's see it is a strong subject
[ __ ] is that she is Isabel Pantoja's niece we must not
forget it either it
is not only but we must not
forget that it is an investigation that
here nothing has been said yet no Of course it is
cl it is an investigation Of course
in which they have not taken custody they have
left without any charge or anything like that
with the girl home but there are still
things that surprise
that surprise first I am going to
read the statement okay here with you I do
n't know if I like the background I don't know if I like the background
very much this background is the one with
Kira I thought it was going to be
totally white and and this background was let's see if we
leave it like that almost better than that it was
Kira's notebook of bullying and
so on from when we did the live
with Kira's dad and I have seen it here
in small I thought it was white and
already this morning it is Well apart from already  that
the news is leaked and so on It
turns out that the High Court of
Justice issues a statement So
this is important to me
Consuelo Why Well
because by issuing this statement the Court of Justice
is like giving more
notoriety to the issue and that it is still open
because it could have been avoided It would be more
prudent not to mention each other, we do not
pronounce ourselves okay but I wonder
this is normally done with all the
parents who go through that situation by the
High Court of Justice of the
Canary Islands or has it been a section with it
about releasing a
statement man of course, let's see I understand
that the rest of the parents are not
famous But then no but here they have to
treat them all equally it does not matter if it
is Anabel Pantoja we are
talking about the High Court not a
newspaper or a media outlet you
understand if they do it with Anabel they
should have done it with all the
parents who have gone through that
situation Okay but the thing is that in this case there
is speculation in all the media
in but the thing is that Carmen does not
stop the speculation but rather gives rise
to more my taste Now we are going to
read it but eh of course speaking out  like it
has given more room to a a to
speculation than cutting it off, I mean
because cutting it off would have been Hey, they
left without charge and we're going to
archive this, I don't know once they have
something more or less, but of course it's like it's
ambiguous because before archiving it, I
mean, for me, you'll see, uh, it's
a very delicate subject, I know, but we
have to give our opinion, right? So I think that, uh, they have
spent some time issuing a
statement before closing it, I mean, for
me, this is still open, they're not
clear about it. It's not under investigation, of
course, but they are investigating, but
the girl is at home with her
parents, that's a good sign, of course, it's
clear that it shouldn't be, if it were a thing.
This, you're not going to be investigating
possible abuse while that girl, you
've let her go home with her
alleged abusers because she's a
minor. Well, she's a baby.
So yes, it's clear, but let's see,
taking custody away from parents
has to be quite proven, right? Or
what? Or at the slightest suspicion, it's very
difficult, yes, it's difficult for them to take custody away,
but imagine right now if something happened to her
the girl these days Well
imagine what could happen because of
course they have let that girl
go which I don't believe I mean I don't believe it
but they have let that girl
go home with some people who
are still investigating them they haven't given her they
could have given her a margin of a few days
in the hospital I don't know while
this was clarified at least that's what happens with
everything that happens with
gender violence with With everything I mean you report
eh Like everyone else it's called
gender violence or child violence or
child abuse and it's generalized a lot Maybe of
course it's something minimal
anything I don't know I say that it's there
framed in that but it has nothing to
do with what the
imagination can lead one to think you
know what to say it's something very serious very
strong very it is not known it's that we do not
have all the information so Neither
judge nor question how it is being
done nor give to understand I think that
limits are being crossed not in some
content that I am seeing what I gave
also all Well the majority of those of us who
have children nephews any
child in the family well you carry it with
a bump you  You've been doing a
lot of things with your children and they don't activate these
protocols either for a bump or a
fall because they take it for granted. It
seems that the underlying cause here is that
they lied that the girl had some
symptoms and this is, I don't know if it's because of, I don't
know, out of fear, or to avoid seeming
negligent, maybe they lied and Ah,
that's been the main problem,
lying about
the symptoms that the
child had, not telling the truth from the
beginning, well, this happened to her, she
fell or I don't know or she started to
cry and I got nervous and I
shook her, that's what could happen, so
the problem is that they lied and
when they noticed that they lied about the
symptoms that didn't match the symptoms
that the child had, that's when they
started to suspect why they had to be
lying. Of course, if you go
with your child, hey, well, she fell, well, in
hospitals, they're tired of
bumps, wounds, cuts, I don't know what they've gotten
into, I don't know what, of course, the problem
is that they lied. I think that's
exactly what I'm going to read the statement,
okay?  we have to remember a little and
put into context everything that has happened in
the last few weeks, which basically
was like it was not known if it was something from
birth If she had suddenly caught
some illness The little girl did not
know what it was, it was like suddenly
a scare that of course I took for
granted and and San that it was something that had
come up
eh there was talk of several things but it was
never confirmed But well, it was later we
were finding out that she was stable,
that they were discharging her and and all that nonsense
and Anabel's nice statement
after her discharge of course, this [ __ ] It's that
this has been like a
plot twist in the script eh completely
impressive and we are going to read the
statement regarding the dissemination of
unofficial information referring
to the condition of a baby who was
admitted to the hospital tat ta between the
11th and the 27th and the possible
judicial consequences of that condition, the
investigating court number three confirms the
initiation of preliminary proceedings since
January 21st against the parents as
allegedly responsible for a crime of
child abuse It's that  Look at what
the court is sending you. So
normally, let's see, we are in a
state of law. Where the
presumption of innocence prevails. You know how
the media works. We all know that
here. If you release this
statement, you are not going to cut off the issue. I
mean, I see more than you releasing a statement
if you are already clear on the issue that you are going to
archive it. Hey, we are planning to
archive it tomorrow, tomorrow the archive will come out
to nip it in the bud, no, especially
because of
the alleged crime, people will delete it
directly, people are responsible for
a crime of child abuse. Of course, of
course, but also the court,
before the media, speaking, which in the end is the
gossip press that is speaking, you also do
not have to have
a court clarify or not clarify
what you are saying, the
gossip programs, which in the end are what they are,
no, and the court comes out to say.
We confirm that yes, we have these people. I do
n't know if the word would be
charged, it says seized there, no, but let's say
that we are investigating these people for
an alleged crime of such and such. And
now it explains to you, eh, how did they get to  to
get involved in that investigation no the
intervention of justice is
motivated by the referral of the center to the
court on duty of a part of
injuries on the condition of the minor the
content of this report was ratified
by a forensic medical expert the
investigation aims to clarify the
causes and the mechanism of production of
injuries appreciated in the baby in order
to protect her and considering
her best interests the parents
gave a statement last Monday
January 27th as investigated with
legal assistance, that is to say they went with
lawyers, that is to say they called lawyers at the
moment they were summoned it is not like the
civil guard or the police call me right now
and such I am not going I am not calling
my lawyer I go there and ch declare it is
with your clear with your legal assistance and
everything there
too thing Things were serious at
home you know they were worried and at
no time were they arrested after
taking their statement the
judicial authority agreed to recuse itself from the
knowledge of the case in favor of the
judicial district of tatat where
the episode supposedly would have happened, that
is to say you look at the
statement clear Yes but that I do not
understand that the court makes a
statement is
the truth no matter how much the
issues are touched on in terms of communication because it has not
happened with other people in other
areas is that they are
pointing out clearly of vg in other areas
the court has not come out to say we are
doing this for this this and this
why it had to come out on this occasion
is what I do not
understand because it is not something usual
because as he gave it as they themselves
put in the statement after the rumor what is
rising we are
forced no obligation I mean you do not
have to give explanations yes but
maybe to avoid more bad
speculation speculates Sure but
then from now on do it with
everyone but man there is no tud of
so and so There is no
speculation because we neither find out nor do we
know them nor do we know
but the famous ones no I am not talking about the
famous ones but like any famous one they are
admitted and they give a couple and sometimes
the doctors even come out to give one But because the
family wants it and the media do not come out
to give one I mean the doctors do not come out to give the part
But because if the family
decides to give a medical report they give it to the
hospital but by decision of the family
here it has  the court acted because it felt like it
Putting this
statement I think eh but I hallucinate
the truth before
the person of the little girl and all of
that is what makes me hallucinate
because in the
end when there is a resolution now you
leave more doubt the speculation and everything
when there is a resolution if you want to
give the appropriate explanations perfect you
already have something a resolution right now you
leave everything up in the air making
suffer some parents who are already
suffering because of the situation they have
man it is not easy eh I do not see it
as necessary either that this court
had to come out here to give all the
explanations without specifying anything
leaving everything up in the air I see that it was not
their responsibility no no it is not their mission
nor is it their duty nor are they for that of
course that already that the press and and whoever
puts their foot in it Well, what to go up with but a
statement from the court is made
when a criminal is captured It is that
this makes me think badly because they
are treating them like a criminal
of course it is complicated very complicated
So I do not understand why the
court did that But well
the A  See, I don't want to do that
because I don't believe that they've done
that to the girl,
but things had to be serious,
the girl has been in the man, of course it
must have been, it had to be very serious, it's
not that she hasn't been
admitted there and such. It's not that things had to be
serious and the reports that
they told us that the first few
days, the information was that
things looked really bad, really bad, so things had to be pretty serious
and I know
that things have to be very, the girl didn't
have anything, the girl suddenly something
happened that ended up being admitted to the hospital, it was life or
death, and things have to be serious.
Because if you see Beln Esteban's face today, it
's a
picture, if this doesn't have the importance
that it has, Beln begins. No, because I don't know
what begins in her manner and today she was
quiet, serious, like, what a mess, today she has
a problem, eh, let's listen to
what, let's see
Beln's statement, eh. Because today Beln had a
problem, eh, curious, curious, and complicated,
eh,
there are many headlines that seem to me, let's
not talk about this at all.
topic because I haven't spoken to her
of course if I had spoken to her I
wouldn't have said what she told me
but I'm going to be on the
news that's why it's necessary
that in the next few hours it's Anabel I
think here as I said I Gonzalo And
excuse me uh I think here as I
said
when my little girl has been in the hospital
that we have gone friends the family and
such here the only ones who have to
talk are my Anabel and David
and my goodness uh
what a mess Because Beln surely
knows the truth or believes it or they will have
told her too of course I suppose they will have
told her man the family
will have told her why the girl was admitted of
course the rest they haven't told us neither Of
course but they would have told her why
the girl was admitted exactly and what has
been the girl's prognosis I suppose Of
course realize one thing Okay
now we are going to read what they have published today
in informalia the statement that
you already know it is very okay if that statement
is the one they have given that is also strange they have to
repeat it because they make mistakes
in the schedules if that statement is the
that they gave in court that
statement is the one they gave in the
hospital I mean these people arrive at the
hospital with that statement we
weren't buying suddenly the girl
starts to cry in a
spectacular way she starts to cry and scream
a lot we didn't know how to ration David
changes her he turns her around he does some very
strange things because I tell you
I've had I have two e and y and nephew and
withered and I have always handled babies very well
but no I wouldn't
dare to put it in her I think the finger in her
mouth I would be Hits on the cheek it's that
Hits on the cheek it's very
strange it's very strange you know the statement is
very strange I left the car the car double
parked is that buying provides data that
But and what sea will it give That I left the car it's that I do
n't know why that car was
double parked well they ask you and
maybe they tell you but how was the car
in case you change your version later then
maybe in the player itself they
ask you But that I mean no it's not that
suddenly out of the blue the girl cries
something happens to her we don't know what  It's
clear the doctor finds
injuries on the girl that do not correspond to
the girl suddenly crying, they
correspond to, I understand that,
well informally they say it's the
syndrome you said before Carmen
of the shaken child, not of the
shaken child, I mean, E that's like that's
like a
shake, yes it happens a lot, many people
lose control with children when they
cry a lot, a lot, there are people who
lose control and they get
nervous, many parents. Well, you shake them, you
do it there as if or it
can also happen that the child what they call "
chaining," I don't know, you
also call it "chaining," when there
are when they don't burst into tears,
crying, hooked, and there are people who, of course,
to make them come back again you shake them and
there you can cause an injury to the
little one, of course, or make them fall, it
can also be, according to this article, you know, I
mean, it's a yes, the word itself says it,
a shake, a sudden movement and that
generates lesions,
lesions that are inflammations
inside the head, injuries maybe
in the neck. Well, then  the thing
is that of course, I mean if you get there and
say that the boy that the girl, sorry that
the girl suddenly cried without you
knowing anything. Hey, look, a kiss, Miss.
Forgive me, the girl suddenly, we don't
know why, as if they were gas,
started crying, we don't know what. Of course,
now they find all these injuries,
surely. Surely, I imagine not
putting myself a little there in the
place that the doctor would say, hey, excuse me,
eh, surely nothing has happened to the girl.
It's that the girl has and they would tell her.
No, no, nothing, they would become
contradictory. I think that it's that they
go there, they don't know
exactly what it means, but something that for whatever reason,
eh, well, no, they didn't want to say.
I don't think they mistreated the
baby. I think that, I think it might have been a
mistake, a mistake, a distraction,
and they didn't want to tell her out of fear, uh,
in the hospital and of course they've already lied
in the hospital, they've lied in
court and she has some. Go clal. You see, something's
strange because these  people are
lying and have not said Hey, well,
I don't know what, something happened to the girl, I
moved her, she fell, of course, the hospital
when you see lies Why are they
lying? Of course, but it is true
that at the beginning of everything the information
was that on Thursday they took her to the
health center in her
town, they examined her, they didn't find anything, they took
her back home and on
Friday is when they have to
take her to the hospital. That was the
information that was given from the
beginning, yes, this was the information that
was given, they took her to a private hospital
and such. And then when they saw what it was and it ca
n't be that the girl had
some injury, of course, and the injury, that's why
maybe she says, let's see, this is not an
injury that happened to her, they told her this
at the hospital and they didn't say. Well,
yesterday we were at the private center, they did
n't tell us, I don't know why because at
first, on Thursday she was in the
private center and on Friday was when they
ran to them, at least that's what they
told us
too, Consuelo, of course. That's why I tell you
that the information that is, of course, if we
put it that way, they have lied.  a
hospital Maybe they also lied like I don't
know but I believed that one
of these seeing that you are in the private sector
and they send you to the public sector I believed that it
was like that I mean no but they talked about Thursday
and then the admission was like Friday yes it
was not the same day yes yes they talked about
that So maybe of course on Thursday
something happened to the girl they took her
went home and on Friday it was when she
got sick or rather sick the thing was
serious because the girl has
been we have to keep in mind that
in fact we were talking about it not every
time we have mentioned the subject that the
thing must have been very very very serious
and before that she was very very scared
Because when you have the children
admitted Well the hospital is up to
you and your parents not the grandparents you don't
call all your relatives to come from I do
n't know where to take a sack to
come there And the thing is that what
they transmitted was that it was something serious
serious even after-effects that she was going to
have after-effects that it was going to be long the
thing also presented it as if it was going to be so that
I the other day  I say Hey,
look in the end how good it has been, well
two weeks either. Of course because at
first they presented it as if he was going to
have sequelae, it was going to be very slow, right? Yes,
this shaken baby syndrome,
according to this article, okay, I'm not a
doctor nor have I asked anyone because I just
found it before
opening.
But according to this article, eh, it left sequelae
in the long run. Of course, you can have a
brain injury, that's what she still talks about. It's about the
health of the soul because. Hey, but remember
that there was also talk of an intervention,
at least this good newspaper
in Son Soles said so and
this newspaper in the Canary Islands said so, but the
intervention, they talked about an intervention,
yes, because maybe if he has a little
hematoma or whatever, well, they
absorb it and all this stuff. No, but
anyway, that's it to know until he
grows, he's small to
know, according to this article, he has to have it, yes.
According to yes, yes, it's true that I imagine
that informality to put that, he has to
have it there, imo, no, we're not talking
about Juanca, we're talking about
informality, eh, yes, it's true.  of
shaken baby syndrome the after-effects are usually very
strong, I'm not going to mention it okay but very
strong yes yes but of course you still
wanted her very little to see her but
then they said that she was at least
the information they gave her that she
was perfect that she was very well that
everything was fine and what they haven't said is that of
course This is what each other conveys to us
too, the one who leaves, the one
who goes, passes by there love romeira and of
course as if to take this with a
grain of salt let's read the
statement that came out a
few hours after eating so
early in the afternoon okay
em and let's see what you
think where it
starts and there it says January 9th Of
course the girl was admitted on the 11th it wasn't
the 11th when she was
admitted where have you seen the 9th somewhere I have
seen it on the 9th it all started on January 9th It
said it there I don't know where I just
saw it everything started maybe when she
relates here here here I put it
there and the girl was admitted on the day look look she
relates that it all started on January 9th
when Alma was barely 40 days old  Here there she
suffered an unexpected medical episode of
course This is what
she is telling you unexpected that it was
like suddenly What happened to the girl
no
we reacted as a father and we
went directly to the
hospital This was the statement This
is not the statement Where is the
statement but maybe
something happened on the 9th they went to the hospital and then
the admission was on the
11th
Of course of course that's why and I think that
Beln Esteban comments on that when she
reappears as if we went after having been
with her there over the weekend
eh I think that
Beln tells it Yes like they went to a place and
then they went to Yes yes yes but this one not
this article that I opened is not the one it's
called the same it was the version you
see this we access it Look but yes Hey
well they have changed it or what's
going on they have changed it Look let's see you see they
are putting the statement here
yes they are saying
barbarities I am defending myself this
is her statement from this
afternoon Of course the
statements that she gave are no longer appearing Of
course because it said when reporting and something
in that same judicial document Anabel and
David clarifies they have changed it  removed
man of course it's not that be careful be
careful with what is being published of
course it has to have changed well
on Twitter on Twitter let's go I'm
going to tell you look here I have it on
Twitter Yes yes
eh they went to buy the
girl stayed with the father sitting in her chair
his daughter started with a very intense cry
It's that this is viral on Twitter come on we
can already read it I understand they must have
deleted it for what So that
nobody certifies the website or whatever come on
if this is viral on Twitter
come on it's that they mentioned this on
TV or I mean this has been read on TV
in fact there are press articles that it has
been secco about this I don't know why they have
changed it everyone's daughter started
with a very intense cry David passed
the back of the car to
comfort her he took her out of her seat to
change her diaper and he put her on his
lap
first in prone position and then in
supine position so he could clean her and
change her you who are mothers and don't
forget anything well I already have those
rare names or so What is boc
up face down no yes it seems like face
up and face down no Of course face up
and face down no
eh It's that the explanations that he gives I do
n't know it's that he didn't cuo on two occasions
because he made a mistake when putting
the clothes on her, I mean twice he had to
move her up and down well
nothing happens that's normal he made a mistake
when putting the
clothes on her he put them on you can make a mistake when
putting the buttons on you can put the diaper on her
at the same time inside out the dress inside out
no And all this Anabel I was
shopping once I was shopping and he
was ap the girl alone with her father not in
the car H she started to cry during all
this time the girl was crying
intensely until suddenly she started to
cry louder and David started to
notice something strange It was then that he
tapped her on the cheek that is that
I don't or rather it's that no no no I don't
understand the explanation at all, I mean
some taps on the cheek
eh he changed position and put his finger in his
mouth just in case  she was choking it's that I don't
know I put myself in her place and we're
not talking about David, a physiotherapist who
has more or less knowledge that the
rest of us don't have Eh Well maybe It
's something no and he put his finger in her
mouth why did he put his finger in the
baby's mouth because she was like she was
choking or her tongue or something in case she
was choking on her tongue
but it didn't go away it's a
strange statement it's a strange it's
very strange it's very strange it's that you
can see how he's
stuck But that you tap him a few times
and such But putting my finger in her
mouth and I give him a few taps on the cheek
like when you faint and er in older
than they do to you there as if to bring you back to your
senses but she's a baby When he
got stuck The little one would blow in his
face then he would respond but let's say
physical touch I've never hurt a
baby 50 days old a few taps on the
cheek no less he was less than 50
the creature was there I  I think I had there no
30 or 40 there we had less
still let's see it's that maybe you
can think about it, eh So if you
're seeing her unconscious or something like that,
right man, of course, in idea how to
revive her But because she was crying a lot I don't
know but of course she cries more and more
intensely and you hit her a few, it's
weird eh a few taps on the face How strange How
strange I mean I think that at that
exact moment that Anabel how long did Anabel
go for if they left the car
double parked it wouldn't be long
at that moment changing her diaper I
don't know how many things I see for a
quick thing that if you leave and leave
the car double parked you're not going to go
shopping for hours you're going to go shopping
if this isn't true they've
gotten into trouble eh it's that there it is it's that
maybe they went to the hospital with
strange stories and the hospital has said
but you're you
're hiding things from me of course it's
the procedure man let's see of course the
normal procedure of a hospital
when you're seeing something that noom you
're seeing a father who's
telling you that the child has stolen  or has started
crying Imagine you arrive at the
hospital no longer with a baby with your
son it's not that he's suddenly started crying
and you find him with a
bruise here with a bite here and a
broken leg and he says Hey, he's got
a bump that's there look I got
careless I grabbed such and such from the kitchen and he
cut himself they're used to it that
happens come on things like that happen all day long
but if you arrive you
say No, it's that the girl arrives to be
admitted to the ICU eh I don't know well of
course maybe they've seen there
why don't they are lying to themselves of
course maybe they don't want to seem negligent
or to not seem like they've gone too far
maybe but of course that's where the
problem lies that's where the hospital does
see something strange and that's where the protocol comes out
the protocol is not because
a child has a blow because children
go daily
with blows and bruises and
everything it's because I had I had a
person who one day had a broken ankle, a
broken arm is that in the end they are going to
catch me in the  hospital and they go, I mean, and they didn't
ask them questions, I said, Hey, she
fell while playing soccer, Of course,
because they know perfectly well what a
normal fall is and what a normal fall is like
and what can happen because 20 people come in a day who have
fallen the same way because it
's just guy stuff, a bump on the
front, But if you arrive lying and
the girl is serious because it was
serious and lying, It's not like such and such a man, well, that
's when the problem starts
because why do you have to lie, maybe it
's unconsciousness, well, this thing
of first-timers, of not not looking
negligent in the eyes of, I don't
know, I don't think it was abuse, I
think it was,
eh, You got distracted, you have her lying
with you in bed so as not to look like
me, That's why she's
asleep, Or she was sleeping and you fell, and that's
where the problem happened, but
the girl's injuries
were serious, they were serious, yito, it
wasn't an, I don't know what, it was something serious, I
was talking to family that I
have, I have, as you know, cousins who
are great professionals  of medicine
both in the private and public and
to me with all the caution in the world of
course No because they are already
winning this and there will be a doctor who has
done his job there is an expert who has
also done his job and they have
all the information my family has told me
that doctors are very
professional and they know the injuries
more or less they know how they are caused What
type of injuries are one thing and what thing is
one thing is that imagine the girl will have
something from birth or at birth
or or a shaking maybe it could be without realizing it
but of course I understand that it
is not simply a shaking but that there will
be a series of injuries that have
called more attention because the thing
was very serious then when
the courts have called
and what I want to tell you with this
always supposedly presumably and
all that but I believe that what they have
declared
there is not correct I think that is why
because they have said the doctors have seen
another then if it does not correct it is worse if what they have
declared does not correct it is worse they
mess it up with the lies it is always complicated in
all aspects of life  you always have to tell
the truth if you're wrong
admit things but a lie The
lie is a mess that may not have been
done with malice I think it wasn't done
with malice but with the typical one of Hey
something happened that makes you feel bad
telling it because you think you're going to get in
trouble for telling it Well having
public repercussions then say I'm going to get
a lot of hate from this and that
well let's see how we
save it it's that the brands this the other that of
course in the end of course it's better to
avoid it I don't think that it's that they've
done anything to the girl or
bet But that's to avoid And a
lie of course the doctor doesn't care that
you're the doctor because this person
has to be lying to me about something that I
'm seeing that is not how they're
telling me What are you hiding what's behind And the
thing is that she's a very little girl and the
thing has been serious yes that all Well I do
n't know but I thought it was something
congenital something some disease that she
had some very very serious thing and now
suddenly you see that it's that it was due to
negligence or well then  that has
started to cry and I don't know anything like that
although she has already said today that many
parents have called her like in the same
situation like they have been accused
of something and then it has been seen that it is not She
says many parents thousands of parents
have written to me like they have lived I don't know
if a thousand but of course there will be some
situation in which the
procedure is done and then it is clarified and
nothing happens but man Of course of course because they
protect the minor just in case
something is happening to him logically they protect
the minor but as much as many I don't know I don't
know if there will be I am 40 years old and and and I
don't remember any case in which I
have heard of anyone who has been
sent to play man on TV If you
listen You as children Maybe they have
suffered abuse this and that no e
and forgive me for for for it is that the subject
deals with this no But e on TV if you
listen to it but in my life with all the
people that I know all of us who have
children all the times that it is that it is that
with children doctors go to
all the time it is that when already when no
eh it is  they choke when they don't eh in the pair
in the park a gap is made in it there you
think they put things up their nose
that they left for a second and what they
caught has gone up their nose there is
everything that is why the hospitals
are tired of seeing children who arrive there
with everything when it happens they see this because of
course there is something there that doesn't fit with the
normal I think that no people drop a
baby Well it's a baby and maybe you got
distracted and you dropped it it can happen
but of course if instead of saying that you
dropped it you say no that it's that it was like that
you saw it
crying and it was like that and
nothing has happened to it, well the hospital says it's
healing something here being something you
think that they would call you from the court
Even if you say for example because this
is imagining it is that we could be
talking about anything from a shaking to a
fall to a thousand things okay we are we are
not knowing what there is but do
you think that if you arrive and say
that you dropped the child they also
call the court no I think not no don't
ask  Well no because there will be tons
of parents whose children fall and that's how it is, that's how it is, there are
very protective people, what's this? But there are
some, there are even mothers who
have fallen. Exactly, they go with such stress,
anxiety, a bump that that
child has, he has clearly hit himself, and they don't
call a court, of course, they have to
call his attention, of course, it has to be
something, that is the
situation that he has been in the ICU, I mean, from
there we see the seriousness
of the situation, the whole family arrived
there, it wasn't a It's that the girl, I don't
know what happened,
how she happened. Well, go and find out, that
weekend was Pantoja's and the
news they gave was that the thing was
very, very, very
serious, there are the doctors who have been with
them and analyzing the girl, very, very,
very such for many days. Eh. And this
when they gave the report to the court, she was not
just admitted, it was days. No
because She was admitted on the 11th and I think it
says the 17th, it was when the 17th was given the
game. Yes, well because maybe
eh the reports and then they confirm no Look
our Sister that today no I have not called her
Sister I have not called you but do not be
angry with me today queen I have not called you
because I think that they could have gone to
court with the final report of course
I think that between between there is an
expert also that verif but
of course you think that in that situation
the same hospital tells you psychologists
for the parents because of the situation that they
are going through they could
also have given
psychological help in the first
critical days and the same psychologists
catch them by each one a father to the
mother here something is happening and put out the
alert And you know is that that situation
can also occur because the help the
psychologist is the first one that appears
when there is bad news in a
hospital to give it to you then there could also have been
psychological analysis of the parents to see and see and
that one has reacted one way it was the
other with other things that have
contradicted each other there is a fact there is
an important fact
and they are not telling me I on the
phone I do not know if you are avoiding saying it
but just in case I tell you that a
journalist from the Canary Islands said on the
son soole program
Ah well if they said it on TV I have
said this on TV if they
said it on TV eh Ah there is a
press release that a journalist from the Canary Islands
said that the girl appeared in the
hospital with emphatic cranial trauma I have
sent you the video eh You have the video
yes Ah yes I have that I have it I have it
but that was not a journalist that was a
doctor no no it was not a doctor it was a
doctor
come on that is a blow that is not
a jolt a shake it could
be a that is a blow that is a
blow apart from the doctor saying it very
and in the car How can a
girl fall and hit herself in the car to
hit herself like that because in the car it
is difficult because she is sitting and there is
not much space there either for let's
go to I don't know if she hit herself
against the back of the plastic this one of
the backrests in the car it is also very
difficult to hit herself like that let's see I'm going
to put it on see if it doesn't bother me they are
solle that are sol usually give the lta no no no you
can give it to you Well, I can give it to you,
no, because it's already published on another
platform, what are you going to give it to, let's see if this
video
is, we could be facing an accident that
could happen to any parent, as we
see so many times, well, let's see, eh,
When we talk about violence from peers
towards children, whom we know as infantile,
doctor, it's so hard for you to say
this, I understand that you have to do it,
eh, I would prefer to talk about
child injuries, not so much violence from parents
because we don't know. I'm going to cut it short a
little so that you don't give me
that, of course. It's that the
court itself has said that they are being
investigated for child abuse, how
strong, strong because that's the name for that thing
that is being done, of course, it doesn't matter if it's
a pinch, as I
say, let's see, within a seriousness, as
if it were something that continued over time
as such. It's the same word,
finished in the ICU, is that finished, or rather, of
course, it's very, it's very, it's very complicated to
deal with this issue because, of course, you
Imagine that it was
a Look, here it is, estne Good
night, beautiful, good
night, I don't know if more or less. He's
following the thread on the way home  Yes,
yes, you've had me on the radio, how
complicated it is to deal with this issue because
imagine, what a [ __ ], what a [ __ ], what you have
n't done anything and suddenly after going
through all the bad things that you're going
through, everything that your
son has been through, that now today this
information explodes, I mean it has to be really
difficult. How did this injury occur?
Sorry, it was a Yes, but
I haven't seen the injury report,
but there has been talk of
head trauma, yes, head trauma. It
's not that easy for it to occur in
such a small creature, no, so it
can obviously occur accidentally,
and there are various
accidental mechanisms such as
a fall, a traffic accident,
etc., no, but when a 50-
day-old child at home suffers
head trauma, obviously
the investigation protocol is immediately activated
and the finding out of what
is something that medicine considers
substantial, which is the mechanism of
production of the injuries, investigation
of the mechanism of production of the
injuries. How did it occur? There is a
part that is going to be medical and another part
that is going to be legal. Simply  because there
are other things that even if this man
is saying like they are being investigated Yes or
yes even if there were that's what he's
saying I I mean you arrive with a
fall but you have to look at what
is the trauma and then
the baby is 50 days old Of course but here the Of course
but here the question is I mean the gentleman
is explaining it very well but he says there is
talk of a trauma okay it is
talked about where who said it because you haven't
seen the injury report So
where do you get that
information from have you heard it in a
media outlet or in a or maybe
among colleagues they tell it to each other galande let's
see it could be but there has also
been a lot of speculative and
sensationalist news with a bottom or I mean Patio
asked Patio asked Beln and does she
feel guilty Anabel you if your son
has this that something happens to him and he
gets sick don't you feel guilty batio
asked her does Anabel feel guilty that
Beln said no no no she doesn't feel
guilty what do I know is that I think that
internally things are said of course you ca
n't say in public because it's
a medical thing of a but internally
for me the rumors are
running through the people on TV and everything
yes they talk about other things that they can't
talk about in like what
the girl had while she was admitted and so
on although it wasn't said because it can't be
okay
and in the journalists and so on it was
known in fact it coincides more or less it
could coincide with what is being
talked about with the things that are being
talked about Of course but it can't it can't be said
this gentleman has said Here they
talk about a trauma but it has been taken
out a little not that or he is the
first to say it in public no but the
first thing he said was he hasn't
seen the report It seems very
risky to me to make a diagnosis without having
seen the report the truth because
we are talking about something very serious you know Of
course but I mean because a trauma
has to be a blow a real blow
no no no it's just the shaking not
a trauma anymore
that doesn't give you a trauma a mess
Maybe something in the neck something but I'm not
saying maybe the
blood ah it's that we are talking about a
baby of  50 days So in the end,
trauma in an
older child or an adult is not the same as in a
baby, a Zande if it's a little strong
can cause trauma. Uh, okay,
sorry, but
clearly, Cranco. Sorry, Joe is telling me
that he sent me the link, okay,
before he said it, this doctor
said it, a journalist from Canaras 7 here in
Son Sole also who is a
court journalist. So, the information had been
leaked from the court, so let's
see, we have the statement that was
deleted, but we have the statement,
but it is known, I mean, let's say this
is confirmed, but I can tell you,
for example, as a professional,
before the age of three months we cannot shave
children with a clipper in
hair salons because their heads are not yet
properly formed, imagine this
baby, I mean, using a
hair clipper, we cannot do it before
three months and from three
months onwards, very carefully. So no,
because the area here is
still forming
when it is closing because there are many
children who have it deformed because  It
has closed us well, so we are
talking about a 50-day-old girl who
any little bump that for
us is nothing for them
causes this, that is why we are always
careful with the head with babies,
careful Joline, you have to
treat them with very, very care. Of
course, but because when they are born for x
months, all this area here is still
super soft, I mean, the slightest touch of
course it is soft. So although
a bump, the example that you gave
Carmen against a car seat, which
is something soft, which for you is a t, it
could be or with the plastic
on the back, back with the
plastic on the back of
a seat, but it happens, the thing about
hitting her, I hit her on the cheek, the thing about putting my
finger in her mouth, it happens because
maybe the pain of the girl from
hitting herself there, the pain. The girl got
stuck. She did not react, well, what
happens to many children, I mean, or to an
older one, you get hit and somehow, one of
those hard ones that hurt, you get stuck
with the pain. Well  imagine a
50 day old baby that father changing him whatever hits
him because whatever with
the chair he gets stuck he ends up bruised he does
n't react Well it's all a
chain of flowers the problem is the
lie he says in the I mean anbel went down to
buy things suddenly according to his father
he started with a very
intense cry But because it was supposed that the
day before they had already been to the other
doctor he told him that the baby didn't have anything I
mean but don't you believe that this was the
beginning what he's telling this wasn't
the beginning of it being the first
hospital it's that I don't know if what they're
telling happened between the first and
the second and from there they ran to the
other one what did it say it all started the nu it didn't
say something like that in this one It all started
the nu of it's
that he says that suddenly the baby started with a very intense cry for no reason it doesn't say I changed her diaper And then she started to cry intensely that there yes it could be well a hit mishandling or something he says I was in the
front and of  suddenly she started
crying really hard then I went to the back I
changed her
diaper I don't know or a sudden stop I think they did it I think it was Well that
a neg is a chain of errors and
lies it makes you well this makes
people suspect that you are trying to
hide something and it's already clear The thing is that I
think the problem has been in the
issue of lies or rather probably
because of wanting to hide negligence or a
human error that can happen to
anyone in the end you even raise
suspicions I think that is what
has happened to them that they have not eh Because of not well this well
not to think that they had not taken
good care of her or that they had not No I
tell you that because publicly the networks
this the other thing that is not spoken about that you have
done this that has happened to you that
nothing is done the girl if it were like that she would not
be there Man something would have been done in the
hospital so why not take her
home but surely surely if she
had gone to the hospital and
told the truth there is no reason to
leak to the press you know what I'm telling you
man yes and and and and I don't know  would have
found
eh just like it hasn't been leaked until
now of course no and the state of health No
Well leak if it is to leak
people s we knew What happens is that it can't be
said in public but eh They don't
let her they don't discharge her from the Hospital
until they make her testify in
court that that is also data that they
have there no I mean they can't take it away from her
the court hasn't said that the girl stays
in the hospital until
everything is clarified on the contrary the
court not even so Clara you would have said
let's not wait no that they don't take the
girl no Because these two there are suspicions
that they may be doing this to her I think that is
having lied and and of course and
now people Well all because of that they didn't
give a why is it they didn't
openly tell what was happening that's why so much so much
secrecy of course people now
see everything as a suspicion that they
wanted to deceive they wanted to lie that there was
something shady man that let's see it is like that let's
see but it's that you don't have to
say that your son is experiencing this
because you are a public person one
thing Carmen  you you you if your
child falls in the park you arrive here
straight away and the child has had a
bump in the park and there are people who don't care about
that but not in 50 days Javi no, it's
not the same as a very serious thing you have your
head in your head not even to give explanations or at
all you are focused on your child in his
recovery say I'm going to explain now
because I'm Anabel I'm going to explain what's
wrong with him No I think you're focused on
what you need to be but of course people
Everyone is suspicious that they were
hiding this but no explanations
but it's not a strange thing so so but the
consequences but the
consequences have been serious I mean if it
's simply that my child fell in
the park and got a bump you
come and tell it as
naturally as possible and that's it but
the consequences of what this has
been that the girl has been
practically between life and death
for a few days it's the same how
strong how strong let's listen to
Anabel's statement No I've
heard it before on the street I've put it I've
put it here in the  channel because we
couldn't ration I say I'm going to put it
there so people can see it but in
reality now I'm going to watch it here
quietly with you, I mean I'm
probably going to catch some reactions and
some comments here Ah I saw it
really bad eh seeing it like I saw it
this afternoon she just uploaded it but I
understand her too I also tell you that I
understand her because right now her
priority is for her daughter to be well she
sincerely wanted to as well as get
out quickly because always when they're
making such a strong accusation
it's better for you to face it yourself You don't even
know you come out and Hey this isn't like that and
I thought it was going to be Yes let's see I
thought it was going to be a more
prepared statement eh eh advised By her
lawyers and so on But it doesn't seem like a
bad idea to me that it was her in a one-on-one
message but it's edited
that she edited the video a lot of people say
that because she edited it that she cut
things out that she did
have when she exposes herself like that
publicly and they don't delegate the
lawyer to her it's because she's calm about what
can happen but I also understand
that it's edited she'll be nervous Damn
That's
Good but Of course  but it would be normal
for me to be nervous and for you to make a mistake
Well, that's normal too
but right now people are going to
grab on to any detail to find it
I find it very funny that
the presumption of innocence varies by
neighborhoods I'm also telling you I think let's go I
have no doubt I think they
love the baby and they've taken care of her and that's why and that's why she
went back home
with them but well a stupid idea they came
up with a lie and they screwed up by lying and that's it
I don't think they did
anything intentional to the girl I'm not
going to
listen to him either having to make this
video for you to see me like this after everything what I
've been through I'm here as
through my lawyer through my
representative But I said no, that
this is a one-on-one that the people who are
there behind me who love me and who have
followed me all this time the media that
has supported me and that have taken care of this
story deserve it but I'm not
here in any capacity I simply
want to tell you that we have lived through a
very, very unpleasant situation that
many parents have drunk because as a result of
this situation  We have received
millions of cases, everything comes because on
January 9th Alma suffers an episode, a
specific crisis, eh, to which we
reacted as parents and we went
directly to the
hospital, you know perfectly well what
we have been through these days. But
fortunately everything turns out well and we are
at home, there is a protocol because the minor
has a lot of protection, which we
love and which we support, of course,
we admire that it exists. You see, the
doctors give the due report. Well,
this exists, we are going to pass it on because
eh, it is a routine protocol for a
40-day-old baby and so on, it is communicated to us and our
world falls to the ground because we
say how can it be, what has happened,
we are going to give everything, we collaborate, of
course, and we are going to tell the judge what
happened so that everything is
clear. We went on Monday, we were eh,
telling our version, the only truth
because with the truth, you go ahead
without defending ourselves at all. You are welcome
because the only thing we have done is love,
care, try to save and protect everything
that has to do with
Alma, despite doing things well,
collaborate and do everything correctly
like any citizen, things have been leaked,
atrocities have been said.
publishing variety, which
right now doesn't worry me at
all It doesn't hurt my soul at all Yes, because I'm being
accused or we're being put in
the eye for something that we haven't done, but it does
n't worry me because you know where my
head is, I have it in the health of my soul and that
this is resolved, that which is
happening now,
out with everything, absolutely everything, I will get it
But in a while because I'm not
going to stay still I hope that you
understand the pain that we are going
through because many parents have
contacted us to
tell us that they have gone through the same
rough patch because of this same
unfair situation. I understand that this can be
quite complicated to understand, it
still costs me to understand it But the
only understanding I find is that
my truth and the peace of mind that I have
is that Alma is at home with her parents,
healthy and
happy, I think that despite all the stories that are
told, there is nothing more And of course
we are looking forward to continuing to collaborate and for this
whole nightmare to end so that we can
be at home, happy with the three of us and be able to
live our
lives. Let's see, it's not that bad either. No, what
happens is that of course it's not true,
Alma had a crisis, a crisis  the
day the day nu a crisis cl on the 9th which
is when they went to the private center in
town to the medical center but then
what happened happened that on the 11th they took her
to be admitted But on the 9th it is the thing with the
car it is what they say about the car not the
crisis it is that she cried a lot suddenly and
he changed her diaper and I don't know
what a crisis but if it were something
routine and something normal
the thing would not have ended like that because the
hospitals are tired of seeing
routine things and crises and
epileptic attacks and things in children that they
know what happen if it was something
routine and something normal
the thing would not have ended like that what if on the
9th that happens to her in the car they go to the
medical center they tell her this is nothing the girl has
not had anything such and such they
take her home the girl begins to get worse
due to the trauma that they did not take
enough x-rays in the first
medical center that they did not look at
whatever it is and they had to
rush to the hospital on the 11th is that
more congruent to me the truth that makes
more sense to me clear if if you are a person who  you've been doing
this for so long Well since you were born and you're in the
middle and you dedicate yourself to this m that
statement is a bit regrettable I mean
you really chill out if you're going out
or if not you're not going out no but chill out
you put on Dante the camera and you
say it clearly Hey look this isn't like this what
happened and we've been through a
very situation but with another you know another
tone
another very drama queen and very everything it's like he
watches a soap opera and you're crying for hours
recording yourself crying we also don't know what
the lawyer told him eh given the
seriousness of the matter I have made a
more formal statement the truth I mean
because because we are not having
accused you of something stupid I mean it is
a very serious accusation that the one they
are making against you ent I would have made a
more formal statement but a direct a
direct but I I believe precisely that he
is making this statement for the
peace of mind that his lawyer has been able to convey to him
of calm because this is not
going to happen nothing is something that has to be
done or the judge of the court himself is that
really we do not know the
information that they have and maybe he has
given him the  enough
peace of mind to say, well, I'm
going to open a live stream, I'm going to do this
video and that's it, this is her way of
acting and she's not much of
other stories,
of course, which is contradictory to what
she's talking about. I mean, because you can
perfectly take it and say this: Hey, the girl
had a crisis. I had to take her to the
doctor and well, nothing. We're already home and it's already
solved and we've been through an
unpleasant situation that they
called us to court. But well, I'm
very happy that these
protocols exist because the minor is protected. Of
course, what is incompatible is that
things are being leaked that shouldn't be
leaked.
This thing about the trauma that the m just said is being leaked.
Well, it doesn't fit with a crisis,
what crisis does the girl have? Of
course, because they have been able to
say, I know that the girl went into a crying
crisis, crying, crying, and
for Nabel that is a crisis, but she
hasn't explained why she went into
that crying crisis, what was the
blow that she took or whatever happened to her, that
's what has taken away from saying. Of course, of
course, but  I understand that you don't say it
in front of the public but to the
doctor, aunt. No, of course. That's clear,
there it is, the problem is that I lied, the problem is that I went to the
doctor and that's where everything would have gotten complicated.
If they had told the truth, well,
the doctors are fed up with seeing
everything clearly because 20 children go in a day with each
but two or three similar cases because in the
end, similar things happen to all of us,
everything you see falls, I don't know
what
things you try to slip to a doctor but
but the thing is that the same thing happens, I mean, you
go as an adult down the stairs, you
hurt yourself, you call an ambulance,
your husband comes with you to the hospital and
as soon as you get to the hospital full of
bruises from your face, they say, watch out what
happened here and you can say, no, no, that I
fell, that's when the
investigation begins, no, no, and in fact, and in
fact, they leave it outside to be
alone with you and, I mean, in case you have something
to tell them or they ask you certain
questions that your partner isn't there.
Exactly, I mean, that already happens with
women who go in with falls, with bruises and
such. And even if you don't go  with that eh I already
told you I also tell you one
thing I mean in cases where it
was a simple accident or whatever I'm
really sorry for the abuse that
the parents have to go through because I understand that being
accused of something like that has to be the
worst but it seems great to me that as soon as
any clue is seen an
investigation is opened just in case to me That
seems great to me eh Of course but it's not
opened in the ordinary way for
everyone who goes to a child's hospital because for
it to be opened there has to be something No
man of course there have to be certain
clues Of course of course it's not
opened because a child has a
crying fit nor is it opened because a
child falls because they fall every day
thousands of children fall every day and
the parents get hit hard there was something there
for what or you told them they take the
girl running from the emergency room they put her in
the hospital the bad news begins and
Anabel begins to reproach David in the
same hallway because you did
this to the girl because I don't know what I don't know
how much it is that so many could have happened
things that doctors, nurses or
psychologists arrive, they catch them on one
side, on the other. Well, if we are
tired of seeing them, even in movies,
contradictions between them and such. And it already
raises suspicion with a
40-day-old creature. What a strong man he is. What
David says doesn't make sense with a
head injury, that the girl
cries, that you do this to her face and you
put your finger in it, it doesn't make sense, it doesn't make
any
sense, what he said is a rumor, not
informally or anything, if that's what he
said is that it doesn't make sense to connect
a
girl with trauma, if she has had
trauma too, eh, if the baby, if the
baby is crying, she can't be
drowning at the same time as she cries, it's from Met, I don't
know, he put such a thing in her, then he gave her like this in
the, it's a very strange thing, he changed her
diaper but I put the wrong clothes on
and I don't know and all this while you're in a
double line that Anabel had left, well, I
suppose that there was little time because if you're
waiting in a double line, it's not that you're going to
do it there, man, let's see, it's that,
according to the statements that have been given
Anabel wasn't even in the front
when what happened happened, of course Anabel
was shopping in a store and she
also specifies that she was in a double
file because of course she of course she will
know what he
told her but she wasn't told let's
see then you don't know how
Anabel reacted in the hospital to
giving her the bad news that they were
giving her in a crisis like this that she has
reproached him in the least we don't
know because it won't be a lie
that she wants to take Anabel out of the spotlight of
course we don't know we don't know I
suppose not this is when man is
what they declared in court I don't know
what they declared in court it is
100% sure the same as the doctor's no
castio thing no but what I mean by
Carmen Anabel No of course what Carmen
was saying that it's like to remove
Anabel I don't know
this is from the Ministry of Health Look
this is when when the
protocol is activated not when you have to when you
have the obligation the doctor to that they
call you certain injuries the one
that catches your attention
we are not talking about the torso we are
talking about the frenulum angle of the
jaw cheeks  eyelid sub contiva
neck Look ear okay look
at regions then this in babies
any hematoma location of course
This is what has brought four or less
months Of course hematoma in any
location it is understood that a baby of
4 months or less does not yet have a
hematoma carried something that has been in
the clear no no Of course no I mean or mean it
was surely something internal of course it has
not been a hematoma it is not that
the girl has been
saying that the least as soon as she has a
hematoma anywhere they
activate it from there against more cl
but of course but because it is understood that
if the baby is 4 months or less does not
yet have the mobility to make the
hematoma by himself or herself, I mean it is not like
a I know of a year and a half who
runs around the house falls, crashes
Clear of course clear even so if that logic
Hey, well, it slipped Well look
such because that is that will happen daily
lots of parents who in a carelessness well
such or you have picked it up wrong or because they
are used to it there is something that is not
out of the ordinary because doctors
are used to hearing stories of that every day
bad guy another one what's up another one of course let's
listen to Matamoro who by the way is
wearing the same sweatshirt that he
came here in the other day no the sweatshirt I'm going to
Aaro he has to use it more often
man let's go to Matamoro give his opinion on the
statement with all due respect
eh Honestly it means that no one doubts
that also eh I don't have a shred I don't have
a shred of doubt that eh Neither
Anabel nor her partner nor anyone
around her wanted to cause harm to
her daughter or a loved one but let's go not
a shred of doubt and that said eh I
find
this intervention by Anabel very unfortunate because it
perfectly contradicts what they have maintained up
until now or the position that they have
maintained up until now that is to say if I don't
want to give money to the town crier of anything
based on my privacy the privacy of
my daughter and whatever it seems
perfectly correct to me the coherent thing would have been to have made
a note that I think would have been the
most appropriate a press release a
statement eh by people who
knew how to technically explain the
position they are in and not
this diatribe  which also contradicts itself
from beginning to end, of course, they should have
done it to her and someone who
could have explained it well who would have
made it more clear. I agree with the
more formal statement but the thing
about I don't know, I mean, it contradicts itself because, uh, I
wanted to maintain privacy. Well, you
wanted to maintain privacy regarding
your daughter's health status.
Now they are accusing you of
abuse, it's not the same. uh.
The
court has published it, of course, you are publicly accusing me
of abusing my daughter,
so I understand that she comes out to
defend herself. I understand it, of course. I also
said, I come out here showing my
face right away. What she is? She is
very dramatic, she is very intense. I see her
very much in Anabel's style,
Anabel is like that for everything. I would have made the statement
in a different way but I
understand that she came out to say
something, be it one way or another, I mean,
in the end, the other part that we
were talking about was the
girl's health, in relation to that they
wanted to maintain privacy, but
this is a different issue, it's
like, of course, I don't see a
contradiction but I also tell you
one thing is that in the end she has to
wait for the resolution and I tell you another she
has to explain the end, that is,
we agree that Anabel is going to have to
explain perfectly what has
happened. Not publicly anymore. I
mean, after this, yes, I understand that
yes, but in any case, it is that we
are asking her, there will always be
doubts for haters and others, there will
always be someone, that is, you know,
the residue, yes, but yes, she
has to explain it for him, more than anything, for
her and David's good, but
until the resolution that protects her comes out,
like here, and well, it doesn't happen.
Well, right now they are protecting themselves that the girl
is in her house with her, if there were, of
course, if there were something dangerous,
but there is a resolution. It is that the
resolution is more, it is that, of course, it is
under investigation, the court
issuing that statement has left her, has
left her in a situation of accusation,
apart from that, I do not think that this will take long, I mean, I
think that we will be talking
about days and days, that has to be clarified
in days, I understand that with
such a serious issue with a minor
involved, it will be something quick. Yes, of course,  It's going to happen this [ __ ]
weekend
because tomorrow is
Friday, but I understand that if not tomorrow
at the beginning of
next week, I think that at any moment it will
close, it will have to
take the little
review, some kind of thing and such, and
after this, even if the resolution
is positive, there will be control, of
course, and a control of
social affairs that will be aware of
this situation, eh, I mean,
this is not now, the judge says, okay,
nothing has happened here, these parents, such and such. No, no,
after these events, there will be a
follow-up by
social affairs, eh, but it is logical also
with its clear Yes, yes, yes, yes, of course,
regardless of whether it is
Anabel or any anonymous person. I mean,
if there has been an indication and there has been an
investigation, I see it as logical that a
follow-up of the girl's condition and
the situation in which she lives and everything is done. Of course,
yes, of course, well, that's very good. That's not,
that's a guarantee for any parent or whoever you
are, it's very good, I'm telling you, I
mean, I'm sorry for the bad time that
the parents have to go through who have not
done absolutely  nothing but to me that
this semester is done I think it's very good cl
because there are many children I hope
that is not the case but there are many children
of course there are many children who are in a
situation of total and
absolute defenselessness h and I wish that in all cases they would
act so quickly and it was that way you
know I wish H
that we would save ourselves a lot of
unpleasant news that comes out
sometimes of course that's why and the thing about
this court is that I have not understood why it is made
public because there are events and
serious cases of minors in which a
court does not make a statement and maybe it
appears in the events section
the situation eh it does not appear in the gossip press
and a court does not make
any statement So that is what
I am saying what this
investigation statement is about Well the news eh It
is that the explanation when it is going to have to
be strong because of course if it
is not the truth Of course but this happens
later to an anonymous mother and it does not have that
repercussion or that maybe we expect that we have been
deceived by the
statement eh I have my doubt that or
this is  I imagine that it will be filed
and it will obviously come to nothing because I
am sure that Anav has not
abused his daughter but I have my doubts
that it will be filed as long as he continues to
say things that do not add up to the
doctor, I mean, I think it will be filed
but he will have to tell in the end. Oh,
look, I said this out of fear but the
truth is this but it's that but it's that or
whatever happened I should have
told the truth from the
beginning but it's for
your daughter's own good because they will be able to take care of her
much better and treat her for whatever she
has if t First minute you tell the truth,
of course, that's where I think the
problem came from not telling the truth, I don't know if it was out of
fear, for such and such, I don't know why this is
why they haven't told the truth. Hey,
look at me, such and such, or he started to cry very hard,
I got nervous and gave him a squeeze. It's
that to me, of course, to me, another explanation,
of course, to me, I mean, what can make sense to me is that
this is already hypothesizing, eh,
but to me What can make sense to me is
that the day  9 they took her They didn't tell the
truth and the child got worse from day 9 to day 11
of course Dad didn't do the tests
that they should have done from the
start too so it could be that there was
an investigation because
[ __ ] You have caused this
hypothetically eh but You have caused
that your daughter is in a very
serious situation for not having said from the beginning
what had really happened that
is not to carry but the truth has not been
told yet because played there at
once and in order not to take her to the same
Medical Center where she did not tell the truth she
took her to the maternal and
child center which could also be eh or
because there are times I am the Acha more there are
times that in a smaller health center
or in a private center has
fewer resources than in but she was not
referred but she was not referred by the
medical center because it united and to another clo
But if you on day 11 if you on day 11
see that she is more serious than on day 9 you no longer go
to the health center and you go directly
to the
hospital and It's that I believe that
they have already seen all of this to see that center
health how did this girl get there and on the
17th is when they say Well here is this
strange This is clear because it has been given to them
from the 11th to the 17th I
imagine they would call the health center to
find out in what condition the
report arrived How did you see the girl How did she
get here on the 11th I suppose and that's when they
started to take this measure I
imagine I imagine they are saying in the
chat that it was the clinic that referred her to the
eh No Because the clinic was the nu that
was when she had that from the car says the
father and to admit he was admitted on the
11th So it can't be the clinic if
not the clinic would have referred him at the
same
moment of severity if not it would be
negligence on the part of that clinic not the pes
and on the 11th I asked eh no I mean I
ask because I don't know it could be that on
the 11th they try to make them go back to the
clinic and the clinic refers them to the
hospital Ah no, I don't know well that's what
I'm saying I
understood it like they went and from one they
sent the other for the typical that you
know the typical  in the hospital He didn't say I
think it's in the statement
she gave the other day from the 11th to the 27th it hasn't
been clear and then it says that the new one was
when she had the crisis this one Well of
course there are two days that that that
no Of course we are going to listen to the
private sector twice and the second time they already
referred her here or was it first and then of course Well more than listened to her aor romira in all the salsa aor romira in all the salsa eh In all of them man no je I mean it's not lost n releases her statement eh today It was being a wonderful day I was in the studio putting the vocals
to the songs that I was missing from the
show Amor a la mexicana but
suddenly the phone rings and they leave me in
shock and the phone starts to ring and ring and ring I
understand the work of my
colleagues in the press but it is a
colleagues in the press well in the
media but it is a very serious thing and it does
not concern me the only thing I'm going to
say is that Anabel is neither more nor
less than anyone else and that the protocols are
activated for everyone and that
obviously they have already gone before the judge and he
has not taken precautionary measures against
any of them and their daughter is with them at home
so a little respect and
stop feeding the news with the
headline alleged child abuse it is
unpleasant and it is not fair for
parents who have just gone through the worst
nightmare of their lives with their daughter have
a little consideration that Anabel
only gave birth 50 days ago it is
horrible everything that is being written and
said a little tact
[ __ ] but it says alleged But that
alleged thing is said in the statement
from the court it does not say it is clear
clear or rather I am in valet or rather I agree So
that eh it must be being
horrible and a [ __ ] nightmare and more
taking into account eh eh the vile that they have been with
the child but
then write to the court and annoy
them who are the ones who have
released the statement no ex of course it is that
not given the
statement Of course because nobody would be
talking about this if the court
had not released a statement Of course
no no no the truth is that there were
some images of them  going to court
but the reason was unknown of course
people thought I thought it was because
maybe someone had tried to
access the file
someone there were several Hip these in the
hospital or something some thing like that I
thought it was that it was because of that there were
several hypotheses or that they wanted to
report someone who was going too far
with certain headlines etcetera
etcetera etcetera But the thing is that or rather the
bomb exploded as a result of the fact that in
the court they have posted that of course
that has been the problem the
court statement the
court statement has been the one that has blown
everything up Of course because yesterday they were
talking and they were criticizing the
people who were there at the end point
in the mouth no because they were telling the
truth and nothing
reprehensible I don't think this issue has been
dealt with a bit like that no but ah this thing about
the court is like that no This is like that
but let's go that this issue the
headlines were the bomb let's go Of course but
well that people no I am seeing
here that people have not taken it very
well the statement has not gone down much eh
look at Anabel  Pantoja uploads a video
normalizing that they have activated
the child abuse protocol with her daughter
and saying that it was routine it
pisses me off now don't have the last
name Pantoja and take your daughter with
injuries to the hospital let's see what they tell you
Anabel Pantoja lies like a scoundrel
no hospital sends routine
baby reports left and right to the
courts plus a judicial expert has
said that the girl has injuries I don't
understand this protection of the media
Anabel Pantoja a baby is not fighting
between life and death because you
changed a diaper in the car We have all
had children with injuries in the
hospital and they do not end up in court that
these amazing things have been kept quiet Well
I think they are not silent I think it
was leaked when it was known and and and
no it has not been suspected before I think that
no it has not been suspected before because H It would have
come out there was no suspicion of this
I thought it was something congenital something
that suddenly shows its face when the baby
is a month old and begins to show its
face something that it was born
with  some problem that was
also talked about meningitis some
thing like that was also talked about of course
let's see I've been in healthcare for 16 years that
protocol is not normal if
parents bring it is that of course she
has sold it to you as that Every time you go to the
doctor with the child some parents bring
their child with a blow from whatever he has
fallen out of the bed of the car whatever it is he is
treated and goes home
this procedure that
Anabel Pantoja has done is done when the reason
that the parents give as to why their
child has these injuries does not add up
neither the type of injury nor the number nor
the arguments something does not add up and that is why
an investigation is started dig understanding what we are
saying of course it is not
that there has been abuse I am only saying
that it is not clear it is that she
is selling it to you as well it is well it
is
every three one for play no but it is what we
were saying the
reasons that they are giving does not add up with whatever they
are seeing the child and there is
a contradiction and that is why
the investigation is started it is not put at the same
time or rather it should have  that something happened
from the 11th to the 17th in them in their attitude
in the hospital in statements in something that
the 17th is when it is activated
Exactly Exactly of
course I would investigate maybe
call the other clinic or something had to
happen active the first day to the parents
separately the psychologists 20,000
stories from there they have seen that
and the 17th is when It's the same They also
wanted to see how the girl was evolving
but it didn't matter I came to refer
whatever happened you
have to open the protocol you know if you see it At the
moment in the moment If you are
conscious at the moment now if you at
first Well we will see and they will
see and
the psychologists who go there to
give you strength interviews here and
there the forensic expert this one who comes how is it
there They already started to see things and
the 17th is when it is activated also many
people Well we are also having
this because we know that Nabel And such
But you tell yourself about any parent of
a baby who has been admitted who has been I do
n't know how many days in the ICU and that the
parents are and the first thing  what are you saying, I
[ __ ]
on you, it's also like that man. Of course they
did something to her because we
know, we know that she wanted to be a mother and
all. And also, a lot of people don't believe it. I do
n't want to believe it, I don't
want to believe it either. She has a lot of mania and she's
putting it in any other case, you
put them in hot water, the parents who might have
done it, imagine, or rather, at first, at
first attempt, or rather,
eh. Not because of the presumption of innocence, but
because it seems so inconceivable to me that there
are, eh, there are many cases, but it
seems so inconceivable to me that
a 50-day-old baby could be harmed. The
first thing I want to think about is almost
negligence or an accident, out of
humanity. You know, then there are people, daughters
of the great, who do it. Yes, of course,
but at first, I don't want to think that they
could be capable of harming a
50-day-old baby, the truth is, but
anyway, if that were the case,
Anabel wouldn't be at home with her little girl today.
There it is, if a hair about the baby. Well, it's not
like they lied and saw something strange and
for protection.
this but I think she's safe
nothing happens if they hadn't let him leave
first the news shocks or rather because
as they have been hiding all this from you
suddenly not much secrecy very strange
the girl nothing was wrong with her She uploaded
everything about the girl except she didn't upload her face
I think she put a heart on it but all
day to day Look what Vito I put on her Look at
this I don't know what look at how I bathe her Look
how she laughs damn he came home and
published the audio of the girl
laughing then suddenly
something very serious is happening to the girl the things that have been
leaked we are not talking
that it has been leaked practically no eh it
turns out that there is an investigation by the
court because because the truth has not been told
or because of what or because they have seen you
know or rather the court is telling you in
a statement that we have seen things that we have not
liked man well
people are shocked people to see in the end they
are television characters we do not know
what they are like Look at me or rather or rather the message
that you just posted about the toilet It is that I think I think it
seems to me the most appropriate I
mean and  the most
coherent simple or not I think that is it is that is that is that there is
something
that did not fit the version that they were
giving with what they were seeing
let's say it is not routine they have to
see something for this to be activated this is a
protocol But it has to do with something it is not
activated because a child comes in with a blow
or a child with with something else normal
let's say that that is obvious because the
obvious thing is that you take another thing is that you
take a child with a blow
every week So there There
the alarms are activated
okay or you have the clumsiest child in the
world or you have the clumsiest child in the
world
or And in this case it is that the creature is that it does
not move if you do not move it If you do
not move it If you do not move it the creature does not
move from the crib it does not jump to that the most of course the most that can be done is a scratch with a nail that has left a beak But now we are going to listen to Alba Carrillo while she is because she is insisting that we listen to what
the doctor from the Canary Islands said the
journalist from the Canary Islands  7 on the
son solle program but they have to send it to me
via Twitter so that my program doesn't get shut down
So let's listen to
Alba and by the way wait Before you
put it they confirm to me that on the 11th they did go back
to the private clinic and they
referred him to the hospital that they said in
the kikis in which we didn't even go
Oh damn new name how about listening to
Alba Let's see I want to speak as a human being
as a mother not as a
television collaborator or as a character or anything like that I
have no idea what
happened with the Anabel issue
everyone is writing to me obviously
because they have been it has been a bombshell news okay
eh caution presumption of innocence we are
not always judges we are not the ones to stop
eh demonizing anyone and passing
value judgments when we lack all
the information in the world it seems terrible to me
sensationalist chains that have
already put this news in the newscasts
because in the end
eh then all this remains you know and
these things eh can do a lot of
damage So I ask people please to be moderate
when writing comments
to the  journalists and
television networks I am not friends with Anabel but it does
seem to me that it is an act of
humanity to wait eh and let
justice act because we are
nobody to stop to freely express our opinions on certain
things and in a
sensationalist way and it angers me as a
human being eh that we do not understand this
issue because I already see messages
people write like crazy No no no no no calm down
please call for calm and the
presumption of innocence always then whatever it has to
be we are not
judges
for Well look It is very good to know no let's
see I buy it okay And the speech
seems
great to me with nuances one yes we can have an opinion
because say you cannot have an opinion we cannot have an
opinion what we cannot do is neither
sentence nor anyone give an opinion Yes or yes it is
possible okay as long as it is done
with respect secondly the presumption of
innocence does not go by neighborhoods okay or for
everyone or for none My Love because
with whoever you felt like it you
have made a well-made suit you
know well that I think it is great about
the  presumption of innocence that is
absolutely right I'm seeing people
who are already stoning her in the
town square without having a resolution yet,
but but the production of
innocence does not go by neighborhoods for everyone
okay well they are stoning her it's not
that Anabel is going to keep La
Mancha for many people forever I do
n't know if I don't know to what extent
this is going to affect her career as an
influencer, brands and so on. Eh, it doesn't
have to be solved very well so that it doesn't eh
No, I don't think so either,
the four haters who hate her, who
are the haters that she always has, who
are the ones who will think that she
took the girl and did this to her
and the rest of the people,
aquarius, it will come out in the sense of the
resolution, it will be positive for the
parents, nothing negative will come out and it is. Hey,
look, thanks to this,
the protocol was activated, it works well. Hey, we
are
happy. But perhaps certain brands that
are very family friendly that do not want to get
involved in any controversy
that there are,
eh. Maybe not in the medium term, but
now  until the controversy
calms down Well yes now it
could be but well now she is not
working now and she does not have a
level she does not have a level of brands with which
she works for
these
things to happen to her no she does not work with a level of but
listen to me we have I do not know what brands she
works with the truth we have two media
now we are going to listen to a doctor to this
doctor who is Sones But we have two
media I mean we are talking about Antena
3 that it is not that we are talking about
Juanca you understand or rather eh here they are talking about the
trauma in the head And we have to
inform that it is not a medium that that
Jumps into the pool and such that talks
about the shaking or
rather they have to explain what has
happened or rather and Son has the shaking
and has the
head the judicial resolution will
explain it It is that for It is that the
judicial resolution will explain it of course It is that for
the for everything to go
well she is going to have to
explain everything well or rather this with this
in the car I changed it twice that
I think is not going to be worth it eh And until  Ah It
's very strange and it's better that they
hadn't given it, that explanation is very strange,
of course, until now they haven't
told the truth because, come on, if
this isn't the truth, they haven't said it, I
mean, this is the statement that they've given
because they've played, they haven't even once,
man, the best they could do is like,
without charging something, without charging, a
sincere statement, without charging, like they
give an exclusive, the vanity, no, but I'm
not talking about the media so that the
case is closed, no, it's not going to be closed with
that explanation. No, hom, I don't think that was
the case, it's if the girl is at
home and that's it. I think the case
will be nowhere near being closed. I suppose it's
also how the court would be if right
now they left a girl, eh, with
suspicions that something might be happening,
take her home, how would
the court be also? No, I think it's that they
have, I think that I think that they have
gone to court twice, eh, one of the
times was a few days ago
when they said that they were going to file a
complaint for people who might have
sneaked into the hospital, that's it, that
was the  that they took photos okay But the thing is that
I think that later there was a
second time that he went with the AB Thursday, it
seems to me that they didn't go on Thursday, he only
went with the lawyer and that one hasn't been
in the press and that is where the
reliable statement is, in that one, or rather, in the one that you
say was when they took the
photos, that's when the li was raised and as a result of
that the informala article came out. Of course,
but I think that later he went to testify
with the lawyer that they went the
first time and that they must have gone a
second time, the first time so that they could be
notified of the situation and maybe they
went a second time to testify with the
lawyer,
eh, of course it says that the 17th started this
process, no, the 17th was a Friday and I think
that when it was said that they had gone to
court it was last week, not
Thursday, it sounds to me like it was
Thursday of last week when
the first news came out that they had been
seen in court, of course, I think they
went twice, one of them with the
lawyer and if the one in the photos
with the lawyer had gone, it would have come out that they were
accompanied by their lawyer, such and
such  and nothing came out I think one was
to notify and the other was
to declare we need to know why they
deleted the news from informalia it
's also true canillo de Cuco they haven't
changed the headline or the they have taken
the content of they have c What was the name of that
newspaper that published all the
Canary Islands 7 or something like that was this one this one
we go to the one we are going to listen to I
also don't know why they removed
the news because I mean absolutely
all the media made Echoes of
the news from informalia it makes no
sense to remove it either no I don't know must have been
scared And it must have seemed to them that
something happened like that I don't know they almost got away
with something I don't know the truth
But well this this this journalist is the
first one who apparently said on
the son sol program today about the
trauma that we later saw before
that another doctor repeated it this a
journalist and the other was a doctor in
canaria 7 we have to remember that
they published a very delicate thing which was what had
happened to the girl
supposedly
and How had it happened I mean without beating around
the bush They published it eh then they
deleted it But well you can say  No,
because this has been said on YouTube channels,
no,
Consuelo, if you want to say it, you can
say it. No, it hasn't been widely disseminated,
no, but I understand that it has been published in many
places, not like the girl had
seizures. Yes, it has been said, okay, it's
things that these people, these
same people have told them, but then they
withdrew it, then they withdrew it in Canarias 7,
which still maintains what
David says, the car
7, they still maintain it there on their
website, the statement. Yes, that thing about me being in
the car, they put it in the part, what they are
supposed to have deleted informally, this
newspaper still has it uploaded, this goes,
this goes, sack, this newspaper, this goes,
sack, this ASSUME whatever, eh? Yes, yes, this one
passes me by, we have found out that it
exists because of this issue,
of course, let's go, let's see what he said,
parents go to court. No more, no
less. Good afternoon, I am
responsible for
court information for the Canarias 7 newspaper. And
this creates a judicial procedure, as
your colleague said, who is
incited by the first court against
child and adolescent violence in
Spain, then this
judicial procedure is initiated in  which is why
a document is received from the
Maternal and Child Hospital in which they
detect some injuries produced on
a baby, a newborn baby of a
quite serious nature, both in that
these injuries are what caused his
admission to the Maternal and Child Hospital
and that he was, as you said, for
almost two weeks in
intensive care, therefore, automatically
what the investigating body does is uh
act immediately, urges the
forensic doctors from the Institute of Legal Medicine to
prepare a report that evaluates the child
and what the girl in this case has and what they
determine is that what
the doctors from the Maternal and Child Hospital say is compatible
with what they understand he
suffered
injuries. Well, but of course injuries
injuries are a fall also no or what is that of
course the term injuries is very
generic so it can range from something
super mild to something super serious, today a
relative told me doctor that man that
normally doctors uh know how to
differentiate between
injuries when they occur in one way or
another due to a series of circumstances that
we do, yes, yes, because in the
end, [ __ ] Well, for that they also have the
experience that they have and they study the
years that  they study that I mean that
the injury can be from something super mild to something super serious when it says injuries as it is not specified at any time of course, I mean your head always tends to think of something in the most serious and more and more clear and more taking into
account the state that the
child was in of course of course and they talked about
after-effects and everything and that it was going to be a very
long process it is that of course the news
of the first days were Well
we will see how
the faces evolve when they left the
visit well let's see and that they called
all the family as if they had the worst
s but let's see I think that this is what I
was telling you before that in the end she
left me I think that
all the friends and all the
relatives who went to the hospital
told everything, I mean I think that a lot of
people will be finding out today,
even Beln Susana bug all these
people who went will be finding out today about
this thing yes no I think that Beln
no I think that Beln is knowledgeable, I
think that those close to her may
come to know what she has been able to
vent  with Beln Esteban
quietly or with Susana bicho then there are
others no of course the hairdresser the other
all those who are that many have also gone
sometimes that I thought they
do everything is that until the 17th it is
assumed that they also did not know either
if you do not tell her you tell the If you do
not tell the truth to the doctor you
tell it to a friend who works in television
No no way
if you do not tell the truth it is because
the truth makes you or in your eyes you think that they
look bad if you do not tell the truth it is
for something like that no normally one does not
tell the truth in this one that is left hand is
going to tell it to your friend yes it is
true that Beln asks her about the issue
of the constitutional court And she says it
is not an issue of
Beln and Mara Patio I have spoken with
Beln it is a matter of paperwork she does not
really tell her what but Mara for she
told her she feels guilty to Anabel it is that I do
not know what day she told her she feels guilty
to Anabel about if it is a
medical thing guilty because it is that you are not to
blame for anything that the baby suddenly
becomes sick or has something congenital
I that  I know that's why I think he
knew eh I think Queen knew it
precisely because of those pearls that they keep
dropping and you have them but of course maybe
from day 177 is when
maybe they are really investigating us
Look, they have accused us of such maybe yes
some have
told him I don't think all of them
either specifically
head trauma and of a
sufficient magnitude as we said before to
cause his admission to the
hospital for so long my goodness we
are talking about injuries it is
a very important piece of information that alone is that head
trauma That
this information that our
colleague eh Fajardo is giving us appears is very
important because we didn't know we didn't
know exactly where and what type of
injuries and above all where she had
suffered them we didn't know them publicly
no one has made an official statement
regarding the pathology that the
creature suffered nor will it be made I understand it is that I
think that well this this one is going all out eh No no
he eh it's that these are going all out or rather
but F this this one goes they said that
the girl had been operated on a week
or so ago this newspaper  He said that the girl had already been taken, I do
n't know if it's true, but of course, but they
're saying a lot of things without any
proof of anything, so I don't know to what
extent to take it with a pinch of salt. Yes, well, the
only one who has that they are from there, from the
Canary Islands, is the only one, the only support they
can have, that they are from the Canary Islands
because another thing, of
course, no, no, I believe, I believe that what he
is saying is true, another thing is that it can be
done or not, it can be done
from well-known people from the hospital, yes, it
could be clear, they are journalists with
and some leak. I think
what he is saying is true or do you think he
is jumping the gun in a certain way?
And that is what they pass on a report, I believe whatever it
is, a piece of information they are
telling me that it is in the investigation period
and it must be secret until the
investigation is over, a lawyer told me,
yes, yes, of course, but this is like everything, it's that I don't even
know, of course, that is logical. But you
know that the medical reports are leaked,
the judicial reports, the one from cas is
inside, we have to be careful, she is not there, no matter how
much it is leaked, no, it is legal,
that if she wants to take
legal action tomorrow  and he wants to start,
well, he's going to be able to do it because of everything that's
expanding, man, I'll
tell you one thing, I mean, I don't think so, not to
the journalist because this is the same
old thing, I mean, you to the journalist, the
journalist is not the one who commits the crime.
In any case, a violation of
privacy in the case of the girl, a
civilian, but the crime is the one who is
leaking La Movida to the journalist,
of course,
then you report the journalist and
now the journalist has the right to
not reveal his sources. And that's what
happened, I think
yes, yes, no, that the same thing could happen as
happened with Roco
Jurado, Javi, it's very easy to see who
has accessed the file, of course, with Roco
Carrasco, nowadays, since everything is
computerized, there is a record of
who has accessed the file, of course, yes, of
course, today they take out the ID,
the doctor has to enter his code to
enter a medical record. Today,
everything is very digitalized, so as not to
know who could have
leaked, they echo informality, eh with
his egg. Let's see,
wait, make it clear that  the fact that he
is free I do not
say for an alleged crime of
child abuse, based on that
we are talking about precautionary measures
during a judicial procedure and the
fact is that investigating above all
what happened and how it happened to see if there
may be the concurrence of another
possible crime are we or not or
the case is closed and that's it as another
of the colleagues also said Of course you, you, this one goes all
out, this one doesn't sit well with Anabel eh or I
mean F what he said I want to make it clear
that the fact that they are at home does not
mean that this is not being
investigated yet eh of course man is that there is
no resolution and then Although there is
a positive resolution there is a
follow-up of social matters
evidently that yes I am that
or I am so
crystal clear that is in the Or that
the investigation is carried out and based on
the resolution how about what
Consuelo did there will have to be a
follow-up then that they do not abide by what they
have to abide by I mean I do not care if it
is Pepito Grillo or whoever now I
also tell you one thing in the event that there is
a favorable resolution
for them I would see it as super logical
on the part of the couple to take
action against those who have made certain
accusations eh For the [ __ ] face Of
course because one thing is to
inform and another thing are certain
sensationalist things that I'm seeing that cloth And
by the way wait one thing
and for the people of the chat because I'm
seeing that
certain comments have had to be blocked eh one thing
is to give an opinion one thing is to make hypotheses
please accusations of crimes not one
because they will go out I already said it okay
listen to me do you remember when I was debating
at the door of the hospital with Jos
Antonio because I caught him Not him but a
sanatorium in the sanatorium no no no in the
Macarena in the hospital where
Kiko Rivera was admitted and not Jos Antonio
but another journalist who Ho and he was
zooming into the room to
record inside the room and I
started to criticize him Of course what's
going on eh that that that
the pantojas these people no they don't
start to sue almost never
things who who sues those who don't
have a good relationship with the press the
wife of  Jesuln sued Mara
Patio for giving a diagnosis that she had
n't given and then made it public and then
she made it public on her own
once with Mara Patio convicted. Well,
after that, I think that Nabel
Pantoja will not sue anyone. Look what I'm
telling you. Well, look, I think so,
I think so, eh, but not anymore. I mean, but not
for the privacy of her daughter, not for
her, not for her, but for the privacy of
her daughter because in the end the
digital footprint remains. Well, I should start with
these, eh. Because these have thrown themselves, I
think that these, a visit in her life and they have been
coming up, they have
suddenly seen a lot of focus in their
newspaper, in their this and they have gone, I think, I
think that almost the most this has been said by
this media t which this has been seen with
the flower in the ass because this has seen
you in that hospital, I have this connection, I
tell this and of course one thing that
happens here in the Canary Islands that I have
contacts and such and a lot of people
connecting with the page to see what
information about this, this has come
up, has said this  in mine of course and
maybe I think that against this yes,
measures may be taken I don't
know if one of the times F was
obviously summoned by the investigating body
to give a statement as an
investigated, they did it with their
lawyer, a lawyer from the Canary Island of Lara
and they both went with the same
lawyer and they testified, they answered the
questions that were asked of them. Well, the judge, the
responsible judge, the magistrate
responsible for the judicial body in the
presence of the public prosecutor and they
denied having
caused any harm to the baby, obviously
that the injuries had not been
caused voluntarily and that
in any case they had not been the
authors of any type of injury.
On the one hand, you talk about another
appearance in court, well I
understand that it will be the first when the
court tells you, hey, we have opened a
proceeding regarding a crime, well we are going
to notify you that you are being investigated
for this and then they will have gone to
appear in court so that
the proceedings can be seen, what with the
fact that you are being investigated,
of course, that is what I
clearly
told you, of course, there is a first one where they are going to have it
notify and a second one where they
go with the lawyer to testify that it is the
27th Yes but but what they have declared
is that
the images that the images that
came out of what day were they because the lawyer did not come out
the images sun Clear That is why I say that
one day they went to
pick up the notification that was the day
the images came out that I am going to
look for it to see [ __ ] it well what
surprises me is with the surveillance they are
having that there are no images of the day they
went with the lawyer but there are no
images of when they take their daughter to
their house eh I gave this to see what day
What day was it January 23rd of course and the 27th
decara and that was news that they gave I
think on this program by
Federico So they saw them on
January 22nd was when they saw him in court of
course and the day at 12 in the morning they
also said the time and everything or rather
January 22nd was the day they went to
court but they went to pick up and to be
notified on the 27th they went to testify
then the statement that came out
between  an appointment and the other is not the one they
have actually declared on the 27th it
will be impossible the one that will have been given in
the hospital but not before the judge Why do
n't I understand you Why if this one is being
leaked from the
court but if it is if Anabel goes on the
22nd to be
notified okay they give her the
notification as this starts and on the
27th she is going to declare if there is any from
before any statement that they have
leaked before them is not the one from the
court because until the 27th she did not
declare no but it was this afternoon it was
late this afternoon it is
leaked yes This is from today what happens is that they have
deleted it But it was Clear if
before we did not know that she had played Well
I think that if they have deleted it it is because that is not
the statement because if not they
would have kept it That does make more sense to me
I have been thinking that that it is not
the current or the definitive one and that is why they have
made the change and tomorrow they will come out
with another one but I say it can't be
her they cannot declare before the judge what they
have declared and go as Panchitos
as they have gone with their girl to their house  that it
is complicated Yes
really venturing a little bit into what
this judicial procedure could be
are soles what the
judge here in Las Palmas has done is recuse himself
in favor of another court in the South where
Anel Pant resides in this case the
San Marcol Tirana what will that court do well
I insist venturing
what was raised by the by the
parents who are the first to be
investigated Why Because they are the ones who
have contact with the baby Well I'm
going to interrupt you for a
moment the fact that a hospital or
or eye eh eye eye eye let's see if
Anel Pantoja's mother is going to be arrested who is
there with her all day ad mre is
there with them all the time Of course but
the mother hasn't even gone to
testify No but look now they have
referred the
town where Anabel Pantoja lives they have
passed the case there to the court where
Anabel lives And now
the journalist is saying that now the
periphery could also be investigated has he
let it fall no Or it has given me the impression let it
fall of course he has let it fall Of course  It
could be that now the judge
from the town, from the other court,
starts to investigate. Look, I'm sorry,
but this man doesn't give me a good feeling.
For me, I'm going to take everything he says
with a grain of salt. I mean, it seems to me. I
mean, he's looking for sensationalism
and yes, yes, yes, yes, but that's what I,
however, believe that he's looking for
sensationalism and that he's over the top,
but I think that the things he's
saying, he's saying them with knowledge of what he's
saying. No, of course, I mean, if you
realize what they published, that they had to
delete, that they deleted, not the thing about the
seizures and such, eh, it
fits with what we are in today. I mean, it's not like, you
know, does it make sense with what's happening
today, of course. No, but I'm saying the issue of
including the environment and third parties is
that he hasn't said it, I mean, for some
reason, if he had wanted to say it
clearly, like, I can, but of course, he doesn't have it tied up. No, of
course, he doesn't have it tied up. He
said what he told you, what he
told you, you have no problem, what
he said is, well, now the
court in his region  No. Or whatever, eh,
what she's going to do is look for more
elements in her periphery. First,
the parents are the ones being investigated because they
are the ones in
direct contact with the child, of course, but why do
you have to clarify that? We already know, no,
because the mother is also with them
still, I mean, for me she has insinuated
something else, am I wrong? She
's not letting it fall, of course, she's
leaving it, she thinks the same,
Anabel's mother is at home with them all day,
well, she's leaving it like not
violence but an accident, of course, an
accident, a fall or whatever. eh,
well, I think that in this case, it's
closing a bit, it's 2:00,
well, we've been here for 2 hours and a bit, and
I think that this case is going to be clarified, I mean, we're
going to know 100% because she's going to have
no other choice, I mean, I think that
staying like this, well, it's filed, it hasn't
come to anything, eh, we are in our
house with our girl and and so, without
knowing what happened and what
the girl had. I think that at this
point it has to be clarified, but well or
sea happened this happened This is what happened
this was what interest There is a lot of
interest in this case and I think that
people are going to take advantage of it, the newspaper is
going to take full advantage of it and
absolutely everything is going to be known, everything is going to be
known, let's see anyway and we
already talked about this when the
Kate Melton thing happened, which are two cases that have
nothing to do with each other but in this case
Yes, at the moment in which there is I mean, whether it's
for privacy because you want to
keep certain things to yourself, for
secrecy whatever, in the end you give p
speculations inevitable
So there has been so much secrecy
based on the health status of the
little one that a lot of
speculation has been generated throughout all these days,
of course, this has been like the straw that
broke the camel's back, it's all the
speculation that had been going on Oh
look, of course, why such because what or I mean that
I understand and and I would do it eh I mean, I
understand that you want to keep the
privacy of the health status of the
minor, whatever it is, eh something that you want not for
yourself perhaps but for the child, eh
that it is something that you want to keep from
the environment  family that your priority
is the minor's health and
then you are not in the right mind to
think about statements or talking
to the press or anything but the thing is that in the
end so much secrecy ends up leading
to things being said even
worse many times than
reality may be Well but in this case it has not
come to them either because imagine
that in the first few days they tell us a
story that the girl has a
fever
buo let's go if they are skinning them
Imagine what the
least has almost been better the secrecy
silence silence has favored them Not
clear When I say talk I mean tell the
truth logically if you
tell a lie then when they catch you
with the lie you're
screwed we hit her it was because of a
blow a trauma imagine
trauma they
already say negligence bad parents have
left the girl I think that it has
benefited her not to have said anything
because if they tell a story and now they
tell us this let's go crucify her
completely they would have said that she was a liar what she
has invented like this
Well then she hasn't told anything  They've been
leaking little things but she
hasn't said anything out of her own mouth, no, but if she had
said, imagine because people were saying
a very high fever of I don't know what, if she had
said this, the girl had
a very high fever and now, of course, we don't
know about this. How would things have been? Of
course, much worse. Of course, of course, I think that
then nobody would have empathized with
them, deep down, it has benefited them
not to say anything. Well, she didn't say anything, they
were there in such and such. And because if they had told
a lie and now we find out
that the serious thing was due to another
story,
my goodness, no, no, this newspaper, this one, doesn't
hold back, eh. And they say, complain,
they said it, sit down, you who say
that they are echoing it. The High Court of
Justice has issued a statement about
the news reported by Canarias 7, so, of
course, but trust me, what are they
releasing so you can see how
tight they are releasing it? Look at
Anabel's statement, two notes. Look at one
and the other. Well, of course, yes, of course, there are
also others who release videos, let's see
if I can find you because they released one
that said that the girl  They had it, I have it
somewhere that the girl had an operation,
they also took it out, I don't know if that's
a hoax from them, if it's
true, I think that the
information is true, another thing is that they are
seeing themselves a little above at the
time fal, they are missing to put sad end
of the statement no, they are not on that line,
eh mother of God it is tremendous, it is
tremendous, I mean, look, I'm going to pass it to you
Javi, what I'm telling you about the
operation, these have not cut themselves off, they have
said all kinds of things that we go, I don't know if it
comes from someone who is clear, they are from
there, from the Canary Islands, someone working, what a
perelo in soles it was also said about the
operation, it was said in sol sol soles, there I have
passed it to you Javi, these people
know the doctors, obviously they
know the ones in
court and all the roll, well, for
me this should be punished, man,
because a medical report cannot be
leaked, well, this is from the vanguard,
but this newspaper gave it, eh, it was from the one that gave it, it
was the one that
gave it, cha How scary, girl, she cut us off How
scary, eh How scary  How scary Eh
and also it is a topic that is being
noticed that people are interested And that is
what we are going to what the media is looking for
if you have a lot of expectation on a
topic then you take all this out of the topic of
course it is to talk talk talk
fill that is what we dedicate ourselves to of course
to see This is like this look here is the
mother the image of the mother people
are interested in this topic it is not
clear because it is that after what happened
today this topic seems to
become an issue that will go on for a long time
eh in the media here on YouTube and others
eh Because tomorrow more
data will come out pass other data Of course but
wait for the data to come out the news is already known we have to
wait for the
data to come out that is not necessary here on YouTube
Consuelo no but but apart they will come out
Look You realize that the journalists eh are
going to be in full force Police
sources Court sources Medical sources that
is to say the police are going to be in full force and
all the things will come out Until
the truth comes out I mean us the truth
we are going to see if the girl has fallen if she
has fallen  the boyfriend has come the nov that sooner
or later they're going to have to tell it that
I also tell you that I understand that
people want to have information, I understand
that the Or rather,
inform yourself but with
moderation. Well, I mean,
I know that I know that there are going to be
people and I don't care. I'm talking about the
media, I'm talking about YouTube channels,
eh, that are going to be sensationalist and it
seems to me to be a serious enough issue, it seems to
me to be a serious enough issue
to have a minimum of respect,
stress, they're going to get hooked. As if it were
the let's go, the table of that one, the only one
left when the
tit thing, no, no, yeah, it's too clear, first of all
because we just said it's a topic that is
interesting, it's a topic that is
interesting
and two because there aren't many, many topics
right now about the heart, so I know
that they're going to grab on like ticks,
come on, no, but, it's a topic that is a
topic that is
[Music]
that now look, just like I told you
last week that it didn't have so many
headlines, now this is
interesting, I understand it with respect, you're
seeing, I mean, it's just started, it's
just started, it's just started because
The statement came out today and I'm already
seeing headlines that are to
die for, of course, and what happened last week
was that the girl is doing very badly, tragic,
everything was fatal. Now it's that these two are the
worst, what they're now speculating about
what they've done to her, about what, well, and
when they find out that the girl is at
home, the miracle has worked, in other words, we've
gone from the worst, the worst. Of
course, because the same one who says that
things are going badly or not Or it's not
mentioned yes yes yes yes no, who asks for respect, that
the media leaves the
hospital, that they respect the family, damn,
and he's telling them the one who has said
everything, everything about the girl, everything, and he's
saying that the media there should
let them respect her a little, what are you saying?
But well, it's true, his face,
his whole face, well, we'll see, we'll see
tomorrow what we wake up with because
this is every day, well, this is going on, this is going to
take days and days and days and days,
you have live tomorrow with al, I ask you,
but Consuelo Carmen, yes, in the morning you
have 14,000 people here to tell
what
time am I at 12:30 as always I am at
7 I'm setting it at 7 in
the afternoon now but tomorrow Friday tomorrow at 7
yes because that way I'll leave one of these with FJ
so that he can also adapt there we
go
I've moved it up a little bit an hour
so that he has a little more space
otherwise he'll eat you you know So
we're like moving here between
Twitter and YouTube right now There are 14,000
people they have to be here at 2 tomorrow
at 12 for Carmen's live and from
there the channels so it's noticeable
so many people and subscribe because there are
14,000 here not on YouTube there are 3,000 on
YouTube there are 3,000 I mean
it's already a topic that people are
interested in they're going to bring this up come on
my goodness let's go this week don't even look around
here because it's going to be like imagine if they
already bring this up on any topic
imagine this that they see is interesting
Well today you'll see and don't question don't
question how they hit you no
questions my goodness no but but but
then these go deiz of
the presumption of innocence I am
that it is lame to me but apart from that
Apart from the fact that it is strong and there are things that smell
bad and all and the whole thing that
we are talking about Anabel Pantoja's niece
yes that I understand that I
understand that the subject is of
interest is that maybe one
of the island of temptations comes out with this
episode and it is talked about and outside but of course
if I am not saying that it should not be talked about
javis it seems super logical to me
that it is talked about because in the end it is
a subject that interests and people want to
know and such if what I am talking about is
treating it with respect if that is the
only thing Or that it is talked about it
seems logical and normal but that it is
treated with the respect that the
news and the situation deserves we are talking
about a 50 year old baby this week they will look for
Isabel they will look for Kiko they will look for
everyone again so that of course to ask them
about this of them declaring that they say that they
tell Isa to everyone again  time
chasing him so they say
something about all this love Come on
love She's in her element she'll be delighted
man Love love she's delighted with
life before she's going to have more expectation than
ever let's see I understand that everyone
close to her is going to close ranks And they're
not going to say anything at all no they're not going to say anything but
let's see
none of them are going to say anything but the Boy maybe
the boyo goes back there again to
canari to see if they catch her and ask her
something there in the the boyo est was very
happy today in simof the boyo it's true it's
true it's true You weren't going to go today to
see he's lost Marta's no
nobody has called me they've let me come on I
passed by the door today eh two or three
times yes yes I've seen you I saw you in the you
were passing by Yes in the It's that
I pass by there I pass by there
a lot to stop to call to introduce yourself to
David or anything to Alejandro Sorry
Alejandro alej I I pass by
my parents' house around there almost every day
but we go through the middle inside
outside and and there weren't there weren't many aleos
of people the truth is I mean I don't know what time it
was but when I passed by there yes you could
see people leaving starting at 11
the shows started 11 11:15 Ah
in the morning yes because Paco Abreu
started the The kid who went from here
to show and the designer's from here at
11:15 And from there they started
but they are there all day until until at
night until I imagine that no
night night no until 8 or 9 it will be the
last of his Oh sure well at that
time or so I was passing by
when I recorded that video that I say
Look well I'm passing by here but no no he didn't
call me He didn't call me He didn't
remember he's with a lot of people he's
in Alcala de Gu this weekend Well well
then we'll see each other Hey
guys eh I'm going to the salsera in case
anyone wants it's because he has a studio
no no but no I didn't say it in a bad way
that I didn't say it in a bad way it seemed like he
sent him No, I did call me  yes yes she
calls me I'll meet her what happens is that she
hasn't called me she would be winged with today I
was around here everyone no Gloria
Camila
no Olga has gone in the end cons floors know
if Olga has gone or something too or not
read the comment
no today
parade if Olga goes she goes tomorrow because she
parades tomorrow rael Boy it seems to me that it's ma it
's two days okay okay okay This is going to
cause a stir like alne says oh by I can't handle
him that some tourists have crossed Juanca on
a
cruise ship on a pedal boat on the way
to the Canary Islands Juan with the winged subject Juanca
at the moment in which man the
moment in which she sees that the
subject of mine what Juanca can say about
this subject fear I am afraid it scares me
Juanca takes the Inserso trips and the
news is going to be covered no Juan about
this subject I prefer not to see I prefer not to
see it because I'm going to get
pissed off there are people out there who are not Juanca who
leave Juanca in a mantilla eh
There's another one out there
no  No no you're losing
respect for him You're forgetting because he's been going
unnoticed for a while now but
no but aren't you remembering Juanca
Well then one happened to you Yes but not his
life I'm not talking about the two here
about the outlaws I'm talking about one
who seems like he hasn't broken a plate in his
life I'll show you the headlines yeah yeah
no but like Juanca I mean
Juanca yes yes like Juanca teasing
Juanca eh what would there be up there would be
legs to the queen Okay then with
the topics Anabel barbarities Okay Ah
Well then tell me out of curiosity
guys that I'm going to the salsera if
anyone wants to leave I'll be at the
salsera in five 10 minutes
okay Ju is Mexican they say he's already
become Mexican he's not interested Juanca
Juanca yeah Luare told me that he was
dealing with the issues that I'm dealing with
in the main of Maribel Guardia and
these people pu are
already ignoring the issues here he says that
this here doesn't give doesn't give money don't you
Carmen don't go Now when  the
live is over I want you to tell me who Ah
okay okay But this stays here no
but then no no Once
the live is over it doesn't matter but oh well and the
group what is it for
What group the one we
never write the group we never write in the
group damn in the group what is it for
at 4 in the morning that
at 8 we don't t with this one talks about the other
the outline Javi tomorrow the outline a
little later at 5 instead of
4 since I signed up I'm going I'm going come on
family see you tomorrow what's
up you guys and you can tell me tomorrow
Who is it Goodbye V
goodbye
[Music]
Oh
ah
[Music]
[Music] [
Music]
ah [Music
]
ah
al e